[ Singing in Japanese ]
♪♪
[ Waves rolling,
seabirds crying ]
♪♪
[ Abel exhales sharply ]
[ Gasps ]
♪♪
[ Sobbing ]
[ Knocking on door ]
Lord Abel.
The Captain wishes
to know specifics
regarding our destination.
Abel: I have determined
where they are headed.
Set a north-northwesterly
course.
Very good, sir.
Helena.
[ Birds chirping ]
[ Scribbling ]
[ Gasps ]
[ Thunder rumbles softly ]
[ Sighs ]
[ Clicking ]
[ Gasps ] Huh?
♪♪
[ Twinkling ]
Ohh...
♪♪
[ Gasps ]
Ohh...
Well, hello there!
[ Gasps ]
Uh, g-good afternoon, miss.
What's wrong with you?
Are you lost, too?
The same thing
happened to me.
[ Gasps ]
That's actually
why I was dancing.
But...why dance?
[ Giggles ]
Good question!
I'm not really sure,
either.
My name's Helena.
What's yours?
M-My name?
Abel.
Abel Bluefield.
♪♪
Just so you know...
I'm supposedly a prince.
Hm?
But everyone
keeps telling me...
I'll never be king.
Oh, really?
I don't have any family
or friends.
That sounds lonely.
Well, yeah.
But it's okay.
I'm used to it.
So, does that mean
I have the honor
of being your
very first friend?
[ Gasps ]
♪♪
[ Singing in Japanese ]
[ Wind rushing ]
♪♪
[ Gasps ]
Helena!!
♪♪
[ Gasps ]
[ Groans ]
♪♪
Maid 9A: [ Gasps ] Have you
heard about Miss Helena?
They say she eloped
with a Dutchman named Franz,
and, even more scandalous,
she did it while carrying
the king's child!
[ Maids gasp ]
Maid 9C: And what happens
if they find her?!
Maid 9B: She'll be put to death,
of course!
Burned at the stake!
♪♪
Soldier: Lord Abel!
[ Gasps ]
♪♪
[ Person running ]
[ Liquid dripping ]
Hmm.
[ Gasping ]
Helena!
What have they...?
Tell me!
Why did you do it?!
Why did you disappear?!
Why did you leave me?!
♪♪
Honestly, I wouldn't have cared
if you were trying
to have a child with my father.
As long as I could have you
near me.
[Crying]
That's all...I ever wanted.
Without you, I would be back
to being all alone in the world.
Please.
I don't want to be alone.
Not again.
Don't leave me!
I'm begging you!
Helena: That man told me
it had to be this way.
Who said that?
What man?
You mean
that butler Franz?
"The father...
is destined to be him."
For La Pucelle...
must be born of a king.
♪♪
Please, don't cry,
my dear Abel Bluefield.
My role here is finished now.
It's over.
And so I must return
to Eden.
Eden?
If I journey there, will I be
able to see you again?
♪♪
Any who have a calling...
will be guided to Eden.
I cannot say
with certainty, though,
if that will be
the case for you.
But...
[ Gasps ]
...if there ever
comes a time
where your path crosses
with the child...
perhaps that would be a sign
that you also have a calling.
♪♪
Goodbye for now, Abel.
You are the only person
I ever truly loved
in this world.
[ Laughter ]
[ Sniffles ]
♪♪
[ Gasps ]
[ Cheers and applause ]
♪♪
This place...
holds nothing for me.
♪♪
Nothing. At all.
Wait for me...Helena.
♪♪
I'll be with you soon.
It's time. Alba Regina.
[ Wind whistling ]
There's still
some residual pain.
[ Gasps ]
Do you need something?
[ Birds crying ]
Feeling better?
For the most part.
Oh.
That's good news.
About earlier, I --
Those --
Huh?
Those there.
Did you make them?
[ Gasps ]
Um, yeah.
What's in them?
This one's seaweed,
this one's plum,
and this one is
some kind of fish.
I'll have the fish,
then.
Be my guest.
♪♪
This is plum.
Ooh! Sorry!
This one's the fish!
♪♪
I wanted to ask you
something.
W-When you said what you said
earlier, what did you mean?
What did I mean by what?
You know!
That stuff you said!
You'll have to be
more specific.
[ Groans ]
♪♪
[ Sighs ]
[ Wind rushing ]
Okay, then.
The wind has picked up.
Come on.
Uh, I'm gonna stay here
a bit longer.
Go on without me.
All right.
♪ La-la-la-la,
na-na, la ♪
[ Gasps ]
♪ La-la-la-la,
la-la, la ♪
♪ La, la, la, la, la,
la, la, la, la ♪
♪ La-la-la-la,
la-la, la ♪
♪ La, la, la-la,
la, la, la-la ♪
♪ What came before
southern snows ♪
♪ The hour
of the cold flames ♪
♪ Waters of
the darkest blue ♪
♪ White storm clouds,
they call your name ♪
Yukimaru?
That song...
♪ Here it is,
the journey's end ♪
Where did you learn
that song?
From you.
Whah?!
You used to sing it as you
danced aboard the Hope.
You called it a secret song,
but you belted it.
I called it a what?
A secret song?
You sang it so much,
it got stuck in my head.
How can you
not remember it?
I remember the melody,
but that's all.
That makes sense, since
the lyrics are gibberish.
[ Gasps ] Yukimaru!
Do you remember all the lyrics?
Unh. Yes.
"More than golden,
the land of the gods.
Atop the lattice stage,
dance, oh, shrine maiden.
Far across the waves,
the maid slumbers.
What came before
southern snows,
the hour
of the cold flames.
Waters of the darkest blue.
White storm clouds,
they call your name.
Here it is,
the journey's end,
the stone
that shows the way.
What lies ahead is the sun
setting in the east.
Now is the time to run,
where the ark will lead us."
"Where the ark.
will lead us."
"Waters of
the darkest blue."
"White storm clouds."
[ Gasps ]
Voice:
Which wilt thou choose?
Blue water?
Or storm clouds?
Fena: Blue water
or storm clouds.
The maid slumbers.
The stone
that shows the way.
The hour
of the cold flames.
They match what we've seen
and done so far.
Fena.
[ Gasps ]
Do you think
that maybe that song
might be pointing
to Eden's destination?
When I first arrived
at the island,
Yukihisa did say something.
Surely your father must have
told you about this item
in some way or another.
Remember?
O'Malley needed both
the location and me.
Because apparently,
we will need both the girl
and the coordinates.
If these lyrics were
taught only to me,
it might be because it hints
at the location of Eden!
"Atop the lattice stage,
dance, oh, shrine maiden"?
Well, maybe we haven't
gotten to that part.
Fena, do you remember
the pedestal?
Huh? Yeah.
I'd wager Karin's theory
was correct,
and it was almost certainly
the face of a clock.
Right!
You can use a clock
to tell time and direction.
The stone only had time
etched into it.
Why was direction
left out?
Are we supposed to
pair up that time
to the directions
in the lyrics?
If so, that leaves us
two numbers.
There's "61" and "34,"
written in Roman numerals.
"What came before."
"What lies ahead."
The sands of time
flow from top to bottom.
In other words...
61 degrees is south
and 34 is east?
That's what
it must mean.
Hmm.
What's wrong?
Something about it seems off,
but I can't explain why.
Also, the order of where
we visited is reversed.
[ Gasps ]
What, Fena?
I just remembered.
Huh?
I remembered something!
What is it?
What the song
was called!
It was "Vice Versa"!
"Vice Versa."
"The reverse also holds true"
in Latin.
The reverse.
[ Gasps ] I get it!
The answer
isn't south and east!
Fena:
It's north and west!
Past and future
are also reversed --
in other words,
flipped vertically.
61 degrees west longitude.
34 degrees north latitude.
Then, I think the numbers
are reversed, too!
That would explain
why they're in Roman numerals
instead of
standard Arabic!
So...
It's 14 degrees west...
and 63 degrees north.
Mm-hmm! I bet that's
where Eden is, too!
However,
we don't even know
if the song's
about Eden's location.
You know what? That's
probably reversed, too.
As in, I'm not actually
looking for Eden,
but that it's been
making me look for it.
And each time I stumble
upon something,
I have this feeling that
someone will let me know
if I've made
the right choice.
And who would that be?
We'll find out. Let's go.
Let's join the others.
♪♪
Everything is in place.
All that's left
is for you to choose.
"The reverse
also holds true."
That's what it meant.
-"Virgin Virus," huh?
-No! It's "Vice Versa"!
This location
isn't even that far away.
It really isn't.
Yukimaru!
-Hm?
-How are you feeling?
Everything's fine.
Shitan!
Hm?
You gonna be okay
with this?
[ Chuckles softly ]
Yes. All good.
[ Gasps ]
Hmnh.
Hm.
[ Both chuckle ]
[ Gasps ]
My whole life,
things kept on happening to me.
I never knew why
and didn't know what to do.
But now...
I'll find those answers in Eden.
That is what
I've come to believe.
Because when I think about it,
Eden's what brought me
to all of you.
I'm aware that I'd be making a
bunch of trouble for you again.
But I want to travel the world
with all of you...
and take this journey together!
I don't know what's waiting
for us up ahead,
but if you'll put your faith
in me and follow my lead,
I won't let you down!
Now set a course!
For Eden!
We go...together!
All: Aye!
Enju:
Bring on the trouble!
Kaede:
We eat trouble for breakfast!
Karin:
Obviously I have to go 'cause
Fena's hopeless without me.
Shitan: [ Sighs ] This is going
to be another rowdy trip.
Makaba:
First things first! Food!
Tsubaki: Makaba's treat!
[ Singing in Japanese ]
♪♪